Template `lookupFunction` parameter (#738)
SwiftGen/SwiftGen: Documentation/Articles/Customise-loading-of-resources.md

The disadvantage is that your resources are no longer located in the same bundle as your generated code, but in (for example) a sub-bundle `MyAwesomePodResources.bundle`. The generated code by SwiftGen will no longer work.

### Solution

To fix this, you can set the `bundle` template parameter to point to something in your code that represents your resources bundle.

Let's say you have the following Swift code somewhere in your app:

```swift
final class MyAwesomePod {
  // This is the bundle where your code resides in
  static let bundle = Bundle(for: MyAwesomePod.self)

  // Your resources bundle is inside that bundle
  static let resourcesBundle: Bundle = {
  guard let url = bundle.url(forResource: "MyAwesomePodResources", withExtension: "bundle"),
      let bundle = Bundle(url: url) else {
      fatalError("Can't find 'MyAwesomePodResources' bundle")
    }
    return bundle
  }()
}
```

> You want SwiftGen to generate code to load resources from `MyAwesomePod.resourcesBundle`. Update your configuration file and add the `bundle` parameter, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, since you want SwiftGen to generate code to load resources (Localized strings in the example below) from `MyAwesomePod.resourcesBundle`, you can update your configuration file to add the `bundle` parameter, like so:
```

```yaml
input_dir: Resources
output_dir: Sources
strings:
  inputs: en.lproj/Localizable.strings
  outputs:
    templateName: structured-swift5
    output: Generated/Strings.swift
    params:
      bundle: MyAwesomePod.resourcesBundle
```

> Run SwiftGen again to update the generated coide, and voila! Your generated code now works with a resources bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run SwiftGen again to update the generated coide, and voila! Your generated code will now load the localised strings from that resources bundle instead of the bundle where the generated code is.

Consult each [templates documentation](../templates/) to learn more about this parameter and ensure it's supported by the template you want to use.
```

## Override the lookup function

> If you need a more advanced solution than which bundle is used for loading resources, you can override the "lookup function".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a more advanced solution than just changing the bundle used for loading resources, you can override the "lookup function".
```

> For example you may want to override the way localisation strings are loaded, if you want to override the device's language by some language chosen in your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example you may want to override the way localisation strings are loaded, if you want to override the device's language by some language chosen in your app. Another use case is if your project is organised in multiple white-label app targets all using the same framework and you want to give a chance to the app target to override a translation otherwise provided by the common framework, etc.
```

Let's say you have the following Swift code somewhere in your app:

```swift
final class TranslationService {
  static let shared = TranslationService()

  private typealias TranslationTable = [String: String]
  private var updatedTables: [String: TranslationTable] = [:]

  func lookupTranslation(forKey key: String, inTable table: String) -> String {
    if let table = updatedTables[table], let translation = table[key] {
      return translation
    } else {
      return Bundle.main.localizedString(forKey: key, value: nil, table: table)
    }
  }
}
```

We leave the implementation of how to update and load `updatedTables` as an exercise to the reader. You now want SwiftGen to use the `lookupTranslation` function. Update your configuration file and add the `lookupFunction` parameter, like so:

```yaml
input_dir: Resources
output_dir: Sources
strings:
  inputs: en.lproj/Localizable.strings
  outputs:
    templateName: structured-swift5
    output: Generated/Strings.swift
    params:
      lookupFunction: TranslationService.shared.lookupTranslation(forKey:inTable:)
```

> Note that we provided the full signature of the function. The signature of this `lookupFunction` will change depending on which parser & template you're using. Check the dedicated [template documentation](../templates) for more information.

Reviewer: tiny nitpick for consistency with other links to folders elsewhere in our docs
```suggestion
Note that we provided the full signature of the function. The signature of this `lookupFunction` will change depending on which parser & template you're using. Check the dedicated [template documentation](../templates/) for more information.
```

Reviewer: Actually we should also mention xcassets special case explicitly
```suggestion
Note that we provided the full signature of the function.  
The signature of this `lookupFunction` depends on which parser & template you're using. It will be different for strings templates vs font templates for example.  
Note that this parameter is not available for `xcassets` templates (because XCAssets don't have just one but multiple methods used depending on the asset type). Check [each template's dedicated documentation](../templates/) for more information.
```

> # Customise loading of resources

Reviewer: Don't forget the entry in the TOC (`Documentation/README.md`). In fact, we should write a Danger rule for that (I can take a look at it tomorrow)

## Override the default Bundle

Let's say you are developing a CocoaPods Pod for example. CocoaPods recommends the use of the `resource_bundles` option ([more info](https://guides.cocoapods.org/syntax/podspec.html#resource_bundles)) for adding resources to your Pod. Using this option, your resources will be grouped into a separate bundle.

The advantage of this is that, no matter how an end-user adds your Pod to their project, your resources won't ever clash with their resources. This is especially important with static linking, where CocoaPods won't generate a Framework for each Pod and add everything to the main App bundle of a user.

The disadvantage is that your resources are no longer located in the same bundle as your generated code, but in (for example) a sub-bundle `MyAwesomePodResources.bundle`. The generated code by SwiftGen will no longer work.

### Solution

To fix this, you can set the `bundle` template parameter to point to something in your code that represents your resources bundle.

Let's say you have the following Swift code somewhere in your app:

```swift
final class MyAwesomePod {
  // This is the bundle where your code resides in

>   static let bundle: Bundle = {
>     Bundle(for: MyAwesomePod.self)
>   }()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  static let bundle = Bundle(for: MyAwesomePod.self)
```

  // Your resources bundle is inside that bundle
  static let resourcesBundle: Bundle = {

> 	guard let url = bundle.url(forResource: "MyAwesomePodResources", withExtension: "bundle"),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    guard let url = bundle.url(forResource: "MyAwesomePodResources", withExtension: "bundle"),
```

```swift
final class MyAwesomePod {
  // This is the bundle where your code resides in
  static let bundle = Bundle(for: MyAwesomePod.self)

  // Your resources bundle is inside that bundle
  static let resourcesBundle: Bundle = {

>   guard let url = bundle.url(forResource: "MyAwesomePodResources", withExtension: "bundle"),

Reviewer: Wait now it's too little indentation isn't it?

Author: Derp... will fix it with other feedback.

Reviewer: Putting this as a GH suggestion for easier application of the fix
```suggestion
    guard let url = bundle.url(forResource: "MyAwesomePodResources", withExtension: "bundle"),
```
